Update _sl-excel-gsheets.md (#5956)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_sl-excel-gsheets.md

<p><span>When querying your data with {props.type}:</span></p>

<ul>

>   <li>It returns the data to the cell you clicked on. Note that due to Excel's API, it doesn't display any timestamp or details of the query. </li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>It returns the data to the cell you clicked on. </li>
```

<ul>

>   <li>It returns the data to the cell you have clicked on, and each cell where data is requested will have a note attached to it, indicating what has been queried and the timestamp.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>It returns the data to the cell you clicked on. Note that due to Excel's API, it doesn't display any timestamp or details of the query. </li>
```

Reviewer: @rpourzand

  <li>For time dimensions, you can use the time range selector to filter on presets or custom options. The time range selector applies only to the primary time dimension (<code>metric_time</code>). For all other time dimensions that aren't <code>metric_time</code>, you can use the "Where" option to apply filters.</li>
</ul>

> #### Other Settings 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Other settings 
```

<p>If you would like to just query the data values without the headers, you can optionally select the <strong>Exclude Column Names</strong> box.</p>

> <p>If you would like to return your results and keep any previously selected data below it in tact, you can un-select the <strong>Exclude Column Names</strong> box. By default, we'll clear all trailing rows in case there's stale data. </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>To return your results and keep any previously selected data below it intact, un-select the <strong>Exclude Column Names</strong> box. By default, we'll clear all trailing rows if there's stale data. </p>
```
